An item and we made a word for a step but I actually want to display a modal which allows us to view
the full quote and which also gives us the option to unfavorite this quote If we want to we already
created a page which we use as such a model a modal is an overlay over dickered page and it actually
uses a normal ionic to page for this.
But it's not placing it on the stack of pages.
We're not loading a modem for the nav controller.
We're not pushing it on the stack of pages.
Instead again it's just the overlay.
And as always you can learn more about modals by going to the official component documentation here
and scrolling down to modals.
Here you can learn more about it.
But let's start together in this application and create a nice model for this.
As mentioned we first need to work on the code file on the code page though because this will serve
as our model.
So let's do that in there.
First of all in my quote aged him a file in the template I want to display the offered name as a title
here.
So I'll leave it empty for now until we learn how we can pass data to a model in the content of the.
I want to display a ion card to have this box with the shadow maybe also add some padding to this card.
And then we could add and card content to that.
That of course also removes the need to add a padding though because it adds padding on its own in there.
We can have the text.
So some string jubilation outputting the text of the code.
I got rid of this too because we don't pass any data yet.
So here.
Later on place a place will just for now will display the text below the content.
I'll again add iron row and iron coal to have a full width column where I want to have a button and
this button of course needs the iron button directive.
I want to have it small and I'll use the outline directive to have a button with borders but with the
background are also a sign.
Another color you can do this with the color attribute.
And this is a whaleboat on any element including built in HCM elements.
It allows you to easily assign one of the colors defined here in the theme variable's file one of those
colors of primary secondary danger light and dark at your disposal.
And at the end of the section we're going to work with this file and even add our own colors.
For now I want to go with the danger color though.
So back in the quote HDMI file I'll simply pass danger as de-value for this color attribute.
Again you may use color on any HDMI element to change its color.
So with this I'm setting the color to danger and I'll say on favorite as the caption for this button.
But the Zabol were multiple lines to make it a bit easier to read.
So we get the unfavorite button below the card.
I also want to have another button where I can say or where I always add in button.
First of all where a denken say close to dismiss the mole and I'll also add the danger color to this
or set to color danger but I'll leave it at the default button style which is this.
Well normal but with background and border all the way to center all of this so add text center to iron
content to have a centered card and a centered button below the card.
Of course we'll also need to add some klick listeners here so let's do that next.
But before doing this let's actually display the modal and see how this works.